["Suite Pour Piano" playing]
[ballet instructor] Tendu second.
Close backwards. tendu side. close back.
Five. six. seven. eight. Big plié. Passé...
[Nancy] I started dancing
at nine years old.
It started with a free
after-school ballet class
and quickly became my obsession.
My greatest advantage as a dancer
was my tolerance for pain.
It was a daily reality in my life already.
and a small price to pay
for transcendence.
You learn to withstand the pressure
of 12 times your weight
balanced on the tips of your toes
to create the illusion of walking on air.
To maintain that graceful.
effortless performance.
even when things feel almost unbearable.
[piano music ends]
You sleep okay. honey?
Not really. [sighs]
Did you crash on the couch?
In the guest room.
I had meetings run late
so I didn't wanna wake you.
Can you help me with this?
Yeah. Give it a try.
I'm gonna be done around 6:00
if you wanna eat dinner together.
[stammers] I have meetings until late.
so do it without me.
- There. [inhales deeply]
- Thanks.
[sighs] First day jitters
have me a little bit nauseous.
Over the volunteer thing?
I'm creative consultant
to the entire production.
Yeah.
Weighing in on set design.
costumes. sitting in on rehearsals.
[Robert] Mm-hmm.
You think investments are tricky.
try getting an experimental ballet
on its feet.
[Robert] Mm-hmm.
Nancy. don't...
An entire liter in two days?
I have enough shit to deal with
without you hammering me.
So just drop it. please.
All I'm asking for is time.
Just one hour with that therapist
that I mentioned.
Sure. Okay. I'll try to
get something on the books.
All right. I-I really need to get this
over to Kit before the meeting starts.
Let me know when you're ready to talk.
[Mary] Hi. Thank you so much
for giving him a ride.
- Hi.
- Our Saab is in the shop
- for the fourth time this year. it's...
- Oh.
Should be back today sometime.
I don't know.
How many coffees
have you had this morning?
One. two. three. four. Maybe five.
But I've been up since 5:00 a.m.
I wrote two chapters this week.
Did you sign up for the writer's workshop?
Yeah. And so far. it's just six
retired boomers
at the South Pas Public Library.
but it gives me some structure.
and I-I-I love it.
- That is great.
- You look amazing.
- Really?
- Yeah. This is very professional.
Well. knock on wood. maybe I can
spin it into something more permanent.
You know. consult on a few other shows.
- Great. great.
- Yeah.
- Would they pay you?
- I mean. possibly.
I don't know. I just...
I don't know what's gonna happen. Mare.
I gotta be ready.
Ready for what?
I don't know. Anything.
You and Robert still...
I mean. I've gotten a few full sentences
out of him here and there. but...
Well. look. it's only been
a few weeks. right? Since the party.
So. things might still be a little a raw.
- Mm-hmm.
- He'll come around.
Archaia! Let the games
of Mount Olympus begin!
- [Mary chuckles]
- Hi. Howard!
- Here you go.
- Hey. Nancy.
Okay. have fun. [chuckles]
[breathes deeply]
- Bye.
- Hey. thank you.
I know Howard needed this.
but I may have needed it more.
Have a good day. okay?
[Mary] Have fun. you guys.
In all my years of friendship with Mary.
I hadn't spent any time
alone with her husband.
I hadn't missed much.
- ...my phone to it? I'm just gonna add...
- [chuckles] Oh. you know what?
- I'm just gonna add my phone.
- Um...
Just so that...
I've got this great Stravinsky...
I loved Mary.
I just wasn't in the headspace
to babysit anyone's underemployed husband.
["Serenade Op. 134" playing]
[Phil] Thank you. Bonny.
Thank you. dancers. musicians.
technical artists.
and all of our magnificent crew.
Now. before we dive into rehearsal.
I want you to take a moment.
turn to the person next to you
and introduce yourselves.
Helga Durer. costume designer.
Yes! I'm Nancy Hennessey.
I loved your work on Waves last season.
- Thank you.
- It was really beautiful.
For the next eight weeks.
until opening night. this is your family.
Now. before we wrap this up.
there's one person I'd like to introduce.
Metro Ballet board member
and creative consultant for this show.
Nancy Hennessey.
Thanks. Phil.
Ariadne is the company's
most complex ballet yet.
which is appropriate for
the complex times that we're living in.
and I'm so happy to be
on this journey with all of you.
And I'd like to introduce Howard Simpson.
a Classics scholar and--
And close friend.
And friend. whose program notes
will provide the audience
with essential historical context.
Uh. now when Phil recruited me
for this project.
I paused my Herculaneum Papyri
translation sabbatical.
A-As you may or may not know.
Ariadne derives from the Greek
for most holy or most pure--
- Thank you. David.
- Howard.
All right. thank you so much.
Let's get to work. everybody. Thank you.
- Nice to meet you.
- And you too. girl.
Hey. Nancy. Um. do you know
what the... the lunch situation is?
[groans] I don't. No. sorry.
Hey. Phil. excuse me.
Hey. I'd love your opinion on something.
I was just thinking about the. um.
color palette for the costumes.
I know that in your more recent work
you've used a modern monochromatic.
black leotard look.
but I thought we could do something
a little more innovative this year.
Interesting.
So I've been researching textiles with the
ability to reflect light and color.
even take projections.
I was thinking maybe it could
elevate the look of the show.
Why don't you make me a lookbook.
and we'll take it from there.
Okay. great. Just give me a few days.
Okay.
It had been 25 years
since I stepped foot in a dance studio.
Returning to ballet
required all of my emotional reserves.
Memories lingered in rehearsal rooms.
Young pliant bodies.
the expanse of the stage.
It was harder than I thought it would be.
I've seen it with Robert's
group of friends before.
One minute. Elana Berkhoff is showing off
her new stack of Cartier bracelets.
and the next she is selling them for food.
Okay. I need you to breathe.
Honestly. like. really take a breath.
- [breathes heavily]
- I think you're jumping to conclusions.
- From where I'm sitting...
- [sniffles]
...the drinking.
the fighting with his family. that is...
That's more of a midlife crisis
than divorce.
Wealthy families divide assets
for so many reasons.
You just have to talk to him about it.
Every time I see him passed out
on the couch or...
every time I find an empty bottle.
it's like my childhood nightmare
playing on a loop.
[breathes shakily] Like. part of me thinks
we will get through anything. right?
But then the louder part of me
is like. "Fuck it.
If you can't control your life.
then you might as well just..."
[inhales sharply] I don't know...
Nancy. can I give you some real advice?
Yeah.
You have to listen to that quieter voice.
I know that Robert's drinking is ripping
open old wounds. but in reality.
this man thinks that your armpits
smell like honeysuckle and rainbows.
He worships you. He is not leaving you.
You're right. I'm just... I'm spinning.
It's ironic that
we're talking about this right now.
I just commissioned this piece of art
for our anniversary...
if we make it that far.
Oh. my God.
You are going to make it that far.
Those vows are till death do you part.
He's not going anywhere.
["Obimo" playing]
I love the piece you did
with Georgia Leonard.
I do a lot of business with Georgia.
Did she tell you she commissioned
a portrait of her dogs?
[chuckles]
I was hoping we could do
something a little less safe.
I haven't stopped looking at this piece.
Who is she?
A poet.
We met at a party.
Did you sleep together?
She left an impression.
Please. take a seat.
It's sexier.
Well. you can see my... my scars.
Why not? I like them.
They're a part of you.
They tell your story.
A story that I'd like to forget.
I thought you said you wanted...
- [camera shutter clicks]
- ...less safe.
[inhales sharply] Well. I see them
every day I look in the mirror.
I don't think I need to
capture them for posterity.
- [camera shutter clicks]
- So then. you do want safe.
I'm not sure what I want anymore.
[camera shutter clicks]
[phone chimes]
Go ahead. We'll reset when you're done.
Excuse me.
[Nancy] The messages from Scott
were frightening enough.
What was even worse
was that I had asked for them.
That there was something inside me
that made me go back and touch that flame.
even though it had burned me so badly.
[Davide] Everything okay?
Yeah.
Um...
I'm ready.
[camera shutter clicks]
[piano music playing]
I think you're looking for this.
Aw.
I saw your notebook was filling up...
It's... It's nothing much.
Thanks. Howard.
Does he still call you David?
He's called me Louise twice this week.
He calls me something
different every time.
It is what you'd expect from
a champion snowblower like him.
What? Wait. Phil?
I think all that devil's dandruff
has perforated his brain.
[both chuckle]
Anyway. Glad you like it.
[instructor] Great. everyone.
Let's bring it in.
[piano music ends]
["Bagatelle in A Minor" playing]
[mouthing words] Thank you. Thanks.
[Nancy] I wondered if maybe
I was wrong about Howard.
If my dismissiveness had more to do
with me than anything about him.
[piano music playing]
Hey. Psst.
[Nancy] It started to feel inevitable
that we would forge our own friendship.
[Howard. Nancy speaking indistinctly]
[speaks indistinctly]
[piano music ends]
There it is.
Okay. That's good. everyone.
Let's call it a day.
Wow. half-day rehearsal.
I hardly know what to do with myself.
I know. I've got four hours to kill
before I pick up the girls.
[Nancy chuckles]
Does it make me a bad father
if I want to catch
the 35 millimeter print of Red Shoes?
You're-You're welcome to join.
Oh. this dripped on me.
I'm just gonna go clean it off.
- Okay. go ahead. I'll wait.
- Okay.
Hey. Phil. Great rehearsal.
See you tomorrow. Louise.
Oh. It's Nancy.
[tense music playing]
[Howard] What's wrong?
It's nothing.
Nancy. it's okay. You can tell me.
[stammers]
Phil threw away this lookbook that I made.
I'd... It's pathetic that I thought
he cared about my ideas
as much as he cares about my money.
That gold-plated prick
wouldn't have a job without your money.
Mmm. It's not even my money.
it's Robert's.
You don't really believe that?
Well. his family never
misses an opportunity to remind me.
[stammers] I don't know how
all that money stuff works.
My father was confined
to a wheelchair with MS.
We were always strapped.
I would get so resentful.
and he would say.
"People like us have something
those people will never have.
pride of accomplishment."
The fact that you made it from...
- Was it Bakersfield?
- Mm-hmm.
To become a creative consultant
of a world-renowned ballet company.
that's an enviable achievement.
Robert calls it my volunteer thing.
All due respect. your husband
is a trust fund philistine.
What you've done is impressive.
Thanks for that.
What time is that movie?
[Nancy] Is that the point?
Yes. Vicky chose obsession
over all else. love. food. sleep.
And it was that choice
that led to her inevitable destruction.
Do we really choose our compulsions
or are they hardwired into us?
I don't think she could stop
even if she'd wanted to.
That's what makes it a tragedy.
You know. I... I always thought you bought
into the whole "trophy wife" shtick.
- [Nancy scoffs]
- But. uh. you know.
beyond the perfect bone structure
and the watch worth more than my mortgage.
there is so much more than meets the eye.
Well. that is the sweetest back-handed
compliment I have ever received.
And I admire the. um. hypocrisy
of your bacon-eating veganism.
- And your irrational loathing of e-books.
- [phone ringing]
[laughs]
If I can't touch it. I refuse to read it.
[chuckles]
- Hello.
- [Scott] Nancy?
You need to stop calling me.
Why do you keep playing these games?
You found me.
No.
No. I was curious. and in a stupid.
weak moment I looked you up.
You need to leave me the fuck alone.
Nancy--
Hey. sorry.
That looked intense.
Yeah.
Is it something you want to
talk about. or...
Um. it's just someone from my past.
It's complicated and twisted
in... in the worst way imaginable.
[Howard] I've had my fair share of those.
God. you're... you're trembling.
Um. you know Mary invited us over
to your house for dinner.
Yeah. I'm looking forward to it.
Can we just keep
this conversation between us?
Um. you know. about... about the calls.
I just. uh... I haven't...
I haven't spoken to Robert about it.
Of course. Won't say a word.
Great. Thank you.
Uh. two cappuccini. please.
Name for the order?
- David. [chuckles]
- Louise.
[Juniper. Mary singing "Just Fine"]
♪ I heard you’ve been talking
But I’m doing just fine ♪
♪ Saying I’m crying my eyes out
Every night after night ♪
♪ Hate to disappoint
But I’ve been doing just fine ♪
♪ Fine
Fine ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. I’ve been doing just fine ♪
♪ Fine
Fine ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. I've been doing just fine ♪
- [Nancy gasps]
- [all cheering]
Excellent!
[Robert] Fantastic! That was fantastic.
We... We gotta book her
to one of our parties. Okay?
We're gonna book you!
- [Mary] Yes!
- We're gonna book you.
Go do your homework.
Start with your spelling.
That was amazing. sweetie.
- She's so sweet.
- I got it. I got it.
[chuckles] Thank you.
How's the ballet going?
- Great. Great. yeah. So far.
- Yeah?
Yeah. if you don't factor in
the insufferable pomposity
- of the nasal hoovering director.
- [laughs]
- Nasal hoovering? [laughs]
- Who are we talking about?
- Uh. [chuckles]
- I don't know...
The... Phil. the artistic director. he's...
...an ass. But enough about him.
You two. relax.
Retire to the living room.
let the men handle the dishes.
Thank you.
[Mary sighs]
- [Mary sighing] Oh. my God. I'm so tired.
- Yeah?
Sleep has just become a bit of
a luxury these days. [sighs]
Between Howard's. you know. job search.
everything that's going on with Marcus.
Well. I think that Howard
- is gonna get a full-time job soon.
- Thank you.
Spending the small amount of time
that I've spent with him. he's so smart.
Are you wearing your
claddagh ring I gave you?
- Yeah.
- Aw. It looks beautiful.
Well. you told me it would be
my grounding force. right? It is.
- [shoes stomping]
- [Nancy laughs]
Ooh. well. well. well. Look at
who's wearing Mommy's good shoes!
Please be careful with those!
Especially up the stairs. honey.
Hey. babe. I think we should head home.
- They're gonna put the kids to sleep.
- [Mary] Yeah.
No... [stammers] ...let me
tell Mary and Howard this one thing.
- We're all ears.
- Hmm.
So. this friend of mine. Jay Michaels...
Uh. actually it's a friend of my family's.
[mumbles] He's kind of a dick.
but he's really fucking smart.
- Baby. Let's just head home.
- Hang on.
These are our friends. babe.
and they need our help.
- We're fine. It's okay.
- So. Jay is a criminal defense attorney.
and he owes me a big one.
And Nance told me that Marcus
has a court date coming up.
So. why don't I just have
Jay represent him. totally free.
Oh. my God. Well. that's... Robert. that's...
As generous as that sounds.
we're gonna have to decline.
[sighing] Well...
Howard. we should talk about it.
We don't have to freeload
off your friends to protect our son.
[sighs. stammers] I'll find another way.
- Thank you.
- Howard. it's not freeloading.
It's a gift. You know?
He... He owes me. I told you.
Babe. let's just respect
their boundaries on this one.
[scoffs. laughs] Oh. my God. Nance.
"Respect their boundaries."
Do you realize how stupid
you're sounding right now?
[sighs] Come on. I'm sorry.
[scoffs] Come on.
I was just trying to help.
[scoffs] She's so sensitive.
[breathes deeply]
It's not my place.
but that was totally uncalled for.
[scoffs]
Is it a good idea for you
to be alone with him tonight?
Yeah. I'll be fine.
Nance. Robert's about to get in the car.
Yeah. I should... I should take him home.
- I'll see you at tech rehearsal.
- [Howard] Okay.
Hey.
- Hey. I thought you left.
- I forgot my bag.
I'm just. uh.
finishing up the program copy.
Do you mind taking a look at this passage
before I press send?
[Nancy] Sure.
You-You're the expert. not me. I...
I don't know if I captured the right tone.
Can you scroll down?
Yeah. there.
Add a line that says.
"He is pushing the limits of ballet
with angular staccato movement.
and the physicality is creating an intense
intimacy between the dancers."
You just came up with that?
Yeah. I was a very serious dancer.
Serious enough to be recruited by
the San Francisco Ballet when I was 16.
But I never did end up making it.
And it was a million years ago.
But I feel like if you do that.
then you'll be golden.
Okay. done.
Look. I... I really have to thank you.
More than just the gainful employment.
I-I've made a great friend.
Well. don't get too sentimental.
You are my best friend's husband.
I will be seeing you.
Yeah. I know. I know.
But it's been nice spending time with
such a thoughtful. intelligent person.
You. Nancy Hennessey.
have been superb company.
That's very kind. Thank you.
Um. I was actually going to treat myself
to this stellar bottle of wine.
Obviously I cannot share it with Robert.
So. would you like to... [chuckles]
[door shuts]
Hmm?
This is a '98 Pomerol Bordeaux.
Louise. it would be criminal
to drink this by yourself.
[chuckles] Are you sure you don't have to
get back to Mare and the kids?
This might be the house red
in your household.
but this is some good shit. So...
And like the Bacchae.
we will savor every drop of
this bold-bodied liquid ecstasy.
and worship the god of
the 13th century BCE Linear B tablet.
[chuckles] What is a B tablet?
The Mycenaean artifact where
Dionysus first appeared. Obviously.
And apropos of Dionysus
also being the god of insanity.
here's to the chaos and the madness.
Now. this should really be decanted.
Let's see.
Mm-hmm.
[grunts]
I think I'm actually quite good at this.
- I might... I might actually be a prodigy.
- You can't even stand up straight.
Oh. God. That's so...
Everyone thinks they can dance.
and no one knows how hard...
Well. come on and show me.
I know it. I mean. it's first position.
Second position.
No. you gotta extend that arm more.
I am. You're looking at a man with the
most unfashionable rotator cuff injury.
This is as far as it goes.
Oh. for God's sakes. no. Try it again.
I'll... I'll show you. Okay.
- Ow! Oh.
- [chuckles]
- Wait. Ow. [winces]
- Are you okay?
Oh. my... Don't move.
Don't move. Don't move. I got you.
- Ah. ah. Ow. [winces]
- Here. sit back a second.
- Take the weight off. Oh. my God.
- [laughs]
- Ow! I hurt it--
- [laughs] Oh. God.
- For the swelling.
- [sighs] Thanks.
For the pain.
Nice.
[sputters]
So. why did... why did you stop dancing?
You want the short answer
or the long answer?
Let's start with the short.
A car accident.
What's the long?
[groans] Well...
When I give you my answer.
you're gonna think
I'm fucked up in the head.
Try me.
Um. my mom.
she was furious with me and rightfully so.
Mmm. She was driving. speeding.
and I begged her to stop.
But she wouldn't.
I guess the usual drunken slap
wasn't gonna cut it this time.
not after what I did.
What did you do?
I fucked her boyfriend.
You mean he assaulted you.
After my mom would pass out drunk.
he would take me to the car.
or my closet. or wherever.
That mystery caller. that's him?
Scott.
You want to know something crazy?
I'm the one that reached out
to him this time.
I don't know why I did that.
I think you do.
You're a fire starter.
That's your true nature.
You run into the burning building
right before it collapses.
But you have to hide it
behind all this respectability.
Robert's good little wife.
I bet he has no idea.
I did start to like it.
The danger.
Not knowing if we were gonna get caught.
And the attention.
I never had that before.
And you wanted that.
I needed it.
Some crashes you can see coming.
There's time to brace for impact
or veer off course.
But some crashes send you hurtling
through space at such velocity
that there's nothing you can do
to change your fate.
[panting. moaning]
So. the judge agreed to put
Marcus in a diversion program
if he commits to Gambler's Anonymous
and then he does community service.
- So. which is... It's good news.
- [Eleanor] I think it's great. right?
[speaking indistinctly]
Because he's gonna get
the help that he needs.
He's not gonna have
a permanent ding on his record.
- And that's so important.
- I have to leave.
- I don't feel good. I'm gonna go home.
- What's wrong? What's... Nancy?
- I... I'm just not well.
- [Eleanor] Nan?
- Are you... Yeah. yeah.
- Should I? Yeah. I'll be right back.
Hey. Nancy.
- Nance! What is going on?
- S-Sorry. I wanna...
I wanna be there for Mare. I just. um...
I just have too much going on right now.
What do you... With Robert?
[inhales deeply]
I did something so stupid.
Stupid how?
I slept with someone.
Please don't tell Mary.
I don't think she would understand.
Nancy. I...
Are you having an affair?
[sighs]
- With who?
- [scoffs]
- It doesn't matter. It's no one you know.
- Okay.
His name is David.
I... It's not gonna happen again.
- Okay.
- [pants] I have to go.
- You'll... Can you call me?
- Okay.
Okay.
Hey. honey.
Where are you going?
I'm rushing to make a flight.
Why didn't I know about this?
I just found out about it myself.
It's a 911 emergency.
They need my help closing a deal
before the restructuring gets finalized.
I'm meeting with the New York lawyers
first thing tomorrow.
I feel like I'm losing my mind.
[scoffs] What? Why? You...
There's nothing to worry about.
Of course I'm worried.
You have time to fly across the country
at the drop of a hat.
but you don't have time to talk to me.
or-or to set a time with the counselor?
I'll make time for everything
when I get back on Monday.
Monday?
You're going for a week?
It's not like I want to leave.
- Then don't.
- I have to.
Are you divorcing me?
Hey. Stop worrying. I love you.
We'll talk when I get back.
[door closes]
Hey.
Can we meet?
["Never Look Back" playing]
[Nancy moaning]
[music ends]
["Missandei" playing]
Yeah. that's good.
[door opens]
- Hey.
- [door closes]
Hey.
[Nancy] How was the trip?
Fine.
Um. I was hoping we could
sit down tonight and talk?
We're... We're joining
family dinner tonight.
Oh.
I'm just gonna hop in the shower.
They said it was futile.
She was too far gone. Time to let her go.
But. uh. your obstinate father
wouldn't listen.
No price was too great
to pay to bring her back to life.
This summer. we bid fair winds
and following seas to Demeter's Wish.
The old gal is ready to cast off.
- [Kit] Mmm.
- Son.
[server] Yes. sir?
- Our champagne glasses need refilling.
- [server] Right away.
I shouldn't have to ask.
Well. that's incredible news. Daddy.
It almost wasn't.
thanks to Bobby's colossal fuck up.
Not here. Please.
Why not? That's why we're celebrating.
The SEC is off our backs
thanks to Harlan's clever maneuvering.
- Always happy to be of service.
- [Kit chuckles]
We managed to survive a bloodbath
by the skin of our teeth.
I. uh. think that's cause to celebrate.
Babe. what's he talking about?
What fuck up?
I thought you were gonna tell her
when you got home. Bobby?
I... [stammers] ...I haven't had time.
No? Well. allow me.
Bobby convinced Daddy
to sink 20% of our holdings
into acquiring a company that was nothing
but a steaming pile of debt.
And the only way that we were able
to avoid the nightmare of a lawsuit
was to have Bobby use his portion of
the trust to pay off our investors.
- Is that true?
- [Robert sniffles]
Sometimes you just gotta rip off
the Band-Aid. Bobby.
His name that he uses
in his adult life is Robert.
[Robert] Right. let's go.
[sobs]
Oh. sweetheart.
[sniffles. sighs]
I... [stammers] ...I fucked up. Nance.
[clicks tongue]
I really fucked up.
I'm a fuck up.
[stammers] They're right about that.
Everything changes now.
All our expenses...
My father will control.
The house. the cars. your parties.
Everything goes through him.
[inhales sharply]
Is that all that this is about? Money?
[stammers]
I know this isn't what you signed up for.
So I want you to know that
if you decide to leave me. I understand.
Leave you?
I thought you wanted to leave me.
Why would I ever wanna leave you?
You're the most important person
in the world to me.
'Cause I read that email about
separation of assets.
- I... [inhales sharply]
- That-That was to protect you.
You're divorcing me to protect me?
Uh. it's needed to stash
your settlement money
in an offshore account
so my father couldn't get to it.
Oh. my God.
- You-You-You deserve protection.
- [sniffles]
[chuckles] I don't want a divorce.
I want you.
But the man who rescued you.
I'm not that guy anymore.
Your money did not rescue me.
- You-You can't say that.
- Yes. I can.
I can.
I've been living without your love
for three months now
and I'm... [sniffles] ...a total mess.
I don't care about it.
Your dad can take it.
I just want you.
I'm so sorry.
I really let the drinking get out of hand.
I fucked that up too. huh?
Then I look at you. how strong you are.
- No.
- Yeah.
Don't.
[Robert moans]
- [sighs]
- [sniffling]
I'm never gonna let you go.
[dramatic music plays]
You haven't answered my calls in days.
You can toss the burner phone.
We both need to move on.
Two weeks ago. you and I were fucking
in the back seat of your Range Rover.
The day before that.
we fucked in the dressing room.
And the day before that.
it was wherever you told me to be.
It was a mistake.
I was in a bad place in my marriage.
- It never should have happened.
- I deserve more consideration than this.
- I risked everything for you.
- I never asked you to.
No. you just seduced me and then
treated me like one of your house servants
- that serves at the ring of a bell.
- Okay. If you need to blame me
to make yourself feel better. that's fine.
but we need to move on.
You don't get to decide that.
Let go of my arm.
or I promise this won't end well for you.
Maybe I owe it to Robert
to tell him about us.
He's a good man.
He deserves to know who he married.
You really think he would believe
I'd sleep with you?
No one ever would.
I'm so happy that
you didn't hate it. [chuckles]
- That I what?
- That you didn't hate it.
Oh. I loved it.
I loved everything about it.
Um. the dancing and the clothes.
Costumes.
The costumes. yeah. That was beautiful.
[Nancy] This was my chance to
course correct and avoid catastrophe.
I had to tell Robert the truth. All of it.
And believe that he would still love me.
[phone chiming repeatedly]
Hey.
[chuckles]
Your phone...
[dramatic music plays]
Honey. Honey.
I have to tell you something.
Who sent this to you?
I don't know. I...
I don't... know. I... [stammers]
You're lying.
Who is he?
No one. He was a mistake.
A mistake that you fucked
in the back seat of your car?
Please. please. can we just talk about it?
This whole time I've been
torturing myself with guilt.
- I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- This whole fucking time.
I can't believe this.
- How could you? [grunts]
- Let's... Don't... [shrieks]
- Stop! Stop!
- You fucking did this!
- Hey! Get back here!
- [shrieks]